Q1: What types of backup schemes are available? Check all that apply.
answer : Partial backup ( wrong answer ) other 3 correct !!!!

Q2: What are some ways you can make your backups more space-efficient? Check all that apply.

ANSWER : use Compression , use Incremental backups 

Q3: What's a commonly overlooked part of a post-mortem report?
answer what went poorly , the summary , the timeline ( wrong answers)

Q4 :The unthinkable happens and disaster strikes, crippling your network. You implement your disaster plan, but it doesn't go smoothly. You decide to investigate. What is a commom term in the IT community for this investigation?
answer : Post-mortem

Q5: Which is an advantages of off-site backups
answers : Wrong (Date is more secure because of less outbound traffic)

Q6 What is the standard medium for long-term archival backup data storage
Answer : Magnetic tapes

Q7 : Which type of backup only saves copies of files that have been changed or created since the last backup?
answer : Diffrential backups

Q8; Cloud services are the ideal backup option for user files. Which of these is not one of today's popular cloud storage platforms?
answer :Rsync 

Q9: You are performing a network risk assessment to develop your disaster recovery plan. Which of these are examples of preventative measures? Check all that apply.
amswer : Alert system for outages ( wrong answer ) other 3 correct!!!!!!!!!

Q10:What are some of the purposes of a post-mortem? Check all that apply.
answer : to shame and punish mistakes ( wrong answer) other 3 correct !!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Q11 : What's the optimal recommended backup storage strategy?
answer : A combination of pn-and off-site backups

Q12: What are the measures included in a disaster recovery plan
Answer : Testing ( wrong answer ) other  3 corect !!!!!

Q13: Which of these are part of the five primary elements that make up a post-mortem report? Check all that apply.
answer : backup procedures ( wrong option ) other all correct !!!!

Q14: What are advantages of on-site backups? Check all that apply.
answer : data is safe in case of disaster ( wrong answer ) other 3 correct !!!

Q15:What are good reasons to do yearly disaster recovery testing? Check all that apply.
answer : to create downtime ( wrong answer ) other 3 correct !!!

Q16: A disaster recovery plan is a collection of documented procedures and plans on how to react and handle an emergency or disaster scenario from an operational perspective. What are important elements of a disaster recovery plan? Check all that apply.
answer : Dicipline measures ( wrong answer) other 3 correct !!!!

Q17 : What is the single most important part of data recovery
answer : Effectively backing up data

Q18: When planning a backup strategy, ideally one needs to prioritize important data and only back up what is absolutely necessary for operations. Assuming storage limitations, which of these is LEAST important to back up?
answer : user downloads

Q19 : Budget constraints aside, what is the ideal backup solution?
answer : off site wrong 

Q20 :Which backup method saves copies of all important files and data at each backup
answer wrong Incremental backup

Q21 :You are performing a network risk assessment to develop your disaster recovery plan. Which of these are examples of detection measures? Check all that apply.
answer : Conducting regular ( wrong ) other 3 correct !!!!

Q22 :Which of these are components of a post-mortem report? Check all that apply.
answer log data ( wrong ) other 3 correct 

Q23 :What options are available for storing backups, physically
answer : Both on-site and off-site 

Q24 : You are performing a network risk assessment to develop your disaster recovery plan. Which of these are examples of corrective or recovery measures? Check all that apply.
answer : Redundancy solutions ( wrong answer ) other 3 correct !!!!!!11


