Q: Let's say that you're the sole IT employee at your company. Your boss wants the company to migrate away from using the current, paid-for chat application and use something free, insead. What options could you use? Check all that apply.
answer: wrong( email ) other 3 correct !!!

Q:You want to be super private with your email. You'd like to be able to download your email to a single device, then remove it from your email server. What email protocol can you use to do that?
answer: POP3

Q:If you're browsing a website, what's a quick way to know that it's secure?
answer: The URL begins with HTTPS

Q:Apache is an example of what type of software?
answer: web(HTTP) server software 

Q:What type of DNS record is used for email servers?
answer: wrong( AAAA,A)

Q:Which of these is NOT an email protocol?
answer: IRC

Q:Which file system protocols are intended for network use? Check all that apply.
answer: SMB,NFS

Q:Company B is setting up commercial printing services on their network. Which of these are advantages of centrally managed commercial printers? Check all that apply.
answer: printers can be manager at a time ( wrong ) other 3 coreect !!!!

Q:An employee sets up Apache HTTP Server. He types 127.0.0.1 in the browser to check that the content is there. What is the next step in the setup process?
answer: set up DNS so the SERVER can be accessed trough out the internet.

Q:Which of these are examples of database software? Check all that apply.
answer: PostgreSql ,MySql

Q:Company A is setting up a network of mostly Windows machines. Which networking file system protocol would you recommend for maximum interoperability?
answer: SMB using Samba

Q:You're the sole IT employee at your company. Most of the computers in your fleet are Windows machines. Your boss wants you to set up a network file storage. What file service should you use?
answer: samba server

Q: Which email protocol is capable of sending emails?
answer: smtp 

Q: HTTPS is the secure version of HTTP. Which statements are true about HTTPS and security protocols? Check all that apply.
answer: ssl is more secure then tls ( wrong) other 3 correct !!!!

Q: Which of these is a valid method of managing printer services in a commercial environment?
answer: managing  multipal  printer separetly 

Q: Where does customer information, such as news articles, videos, large amounts of text, images, or audio files, generally get stored for web services?
answer: on a databse

Q:What is the main function of a database system?
answer: Databse allow us to store ,filer and manager larger amount of data  
