Which of the following are examples of injection attacks? Check all that apply.
answer : 1) XSS attack
         2) SQL injection attack
         
        
        
        
When cleaning up a system after a compromise, you should look closely for any ______ that may have been installed by the attacker.
answer: wrong(Rouge APs)

An attack that would allow someone to intercept your data as it's being sent or received 

answer: man-in-the-middle attack

The best defense against injection attacks is to ______.
answer : wrong( Use antimalware software )

Which of these is an example of the integrity principle that can ensure your data is accurate and untampered with?
answer: using Encapsulating Security Payload , MAC

If there are cyber threats and vulnerabilities to your system, what does that expose you to? Check all that apply.
answer: exploits
        attacks
        
Which of these is true of blackhat and whitehat hackers?
answer: Blackhats and Whitehats should not be trusted  

If a hacker can steal your passwords by installing malware that captures all the messages you type, what kind of malware did the hacker install? Check all that apply.
answer spyware , a keylogger

An unhappy Systems Administrator wrote a malware program to bring down the company's services after a certain event occurred. What type of malware does this describe?
answer: wrong (spyware, rootkit,renoswear)

Which of these is where a victim connects to a network that the victim thinks is legitimate, but is really an identical network controlled by a hacker to monitor traffic?
answer: wrong (Dos,a logic bomb)

What type of attack can a hacker perform that involves injecting malicious code into a website to hijack a session cookie?
answer: XSS (Cross-site Scripting) 

If a hacker targets a vulnerable website by running commands that delete the website's data in its database, what type of attack did the hacker perform?
answer : ql injection 

An end-user received an email stating his bank account was compromised, and that he needs to click a link to reset his password. When the user visited the site, he recognized it as legitimate and entered his credentials which were captured by a hacker. What type of social engineering attack does this describe?
answer : A phishing attack

A network-based attack where one attacking machine overwhelms a target with traffic is a(n) _______ attack.
answer: denial-of-service attack

Botnets are designed to steal _____ from the victim.
answer: computing resources

The best defense against password attacks is using strong _______.
answer: passwords 

The practice of tricking someone into providing information they shouldn't is called ________.
answer: Social engineering

What's the difference between a virus and a worm?
answer: wrong( Worms replicate through files, but viruses live)

What can occur during a ping of death (POD) attack? Check all that apply.
answer : Baiting( wrong ) other 3 correct!!!!

What is it called if a hacker takes down multiple services very quickly with the help of botnets?
answer: wrong (XSS, a sql injection)

How can you increase the strength of your passwords? Check all that apply.
answer: use Password from a precompiled list ( wrong) other 3 correct !!!!

An attacker, acting as a postal worker, used social engineering tactics to trick an employee into thinking she was legitimately delivering packages. The attacker was then able to gain physical access to a restricted area by following behind the employee into the building. What type of attack did the attacker perform? Check all that apply.
answer: Social engineering
        tailgating
 
Phishing, baiting, and tailgating are examples of ________ attacks.
answer: Social engineering

An attacker could redirect your browser to a fake website login page using what kind of attack?
answer : DNS cache poisoning attack

Which of these is an example of the confidentiality principle that can help keep your data hidden from unwanted eyes?
answer :  protecting online accounts with Password protection 

Which of these is true of vulnerabilities? Check all that apply
answer: An exploit  takes advantage of bugs and vulnerabilities.
        a vulnerabilitie is a flaw  in the code of an application that can be exploited
        
A hacker infected your computer to steal your Internet connection and used your machine's resources to mine Bitcoin. What is the name of this kind of attack?
answer wrong(spyware, ranswore )

How can injection attacks be prevented? Check all that apply.
answer:  input validating
         data sanitizing 
 
 
  
A(n) _____ attack is meant to prevent legitimate traffic from reaching a service.
answer: DDos 


Which of these are ways a hacker can establish a man-in-the-middle attack? Check all that apply.
anser : ap , Evil Twin

Which of these sends tons of packets to a system in order to crash it or prevents services from being available? Check all that apply.
answer syn food 
        ping flood

Which of these is a characteristic of Trojan malware?
answwer: needs to be installed by user


Which of these is a way to help prevent brute-force attacks? Check all that apply.
answer: captcha,  strong passwords 

What could potentially decrease the availability of security and also test the preparedness of data loss?
answer: ranosmwore 

You receive a legitimate-looking email from a sender that you recognize asking you to click a funny link. But, once you do, malware installs on your computer. What is most likely the reason you got infected?
answer: wrong( paswored was craked)


 





